(upbeat music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(cheerful music)
♪ Oh
♪ La. la. la. la. la
♪ This is what I call living. living ♪
♪ Whether you hustle to get money ♪
♪ Or you work every day
♪ Put your hands up and let me hear you say ♪
♪ I'm living. I'm living
♪ I'm living
(door knocking)
(somber music)
- What?
- Amina will be in a treat you for the things
that can be cured.
She'll go over the dos and don'ts.
even though you're familiar.
It's protocol.
(door squeaking)
- [Amina] Good morning.
- Is it? - Girl. he is gone.
Come on.
- Maybe it is a good morning. Treat her for everything.
- Okay. Any scripts?
- Yeah. Send them to the private pharmacy.
- [Amina] Got it.
(somber music)
(phone ringing) (Angel sobbing)
- Come on. Tammy. (phone ringing)
(upbeat music)
♪ Ass fat. bag. bag
♪ Yeah. I'ma grab that
♪ Pass that. pass that
♪ Need more of that gas. gas
♪ Ass fat. bag. bag
♪ Yeah I'ma grab that
♪ Pass that. pass that
♪ Need more of that gas. gas
(phone ringing) ♪ Big money little waist
♪ Yeah. I'ma snatch that - [Tammy] Oh.
♪ 2K for a feat (phone ringing)
♪ Send it to my-
(phone ringing)
- Hey Angel. there was some issues with your insurance.
Do you have another form of payment
until we can get that figured out?
- Of course not.
- [Angel] How much is it?
- $849.
- Bill me.
- Okay.
- Bill you?
Bill you? You owe me your life at this point.
I billed you enough already.
- Amina. can you please send my scripts
to the private pharmacy. please?
- Okay. so I didn't add the private pharmacy fee.
That's gonna be another 499.
- For the private pharmacy. Bill me for this appointment.
- Okay. you do know it all goes to her. right?
Just making sure. making sure.
Okay. your meds will be delivered today
and have a good one. Angel.
- Thank you. Amina.
- You didn't charge her a shipping fee.
Don't look at me like that. I'm over her sob stories.
- That is your sister. Dr. Davis.
- I know. Can you stop reminding me?
Please? - You know. it is still
your job to show some compassion.
But you a whole ass virgin. so until you have sex.
you will never understand.
- First off. watch your language.
And don't use my virginity to pity her stupidity.
She's a living example of why I'm still a virgin.
- Oh my God!
You act like she was out here thotting around or something.
Her first boyfriend gave her herpes.
You ever thought maybe she just didn't wanna pass it on?
- Amina. 90% of the world has herpes.
That's no excuse to continue to lay with the same guy
who gave it to you. amongst multiple other things.
I would never be compassionate about things
that doesn't make sense to me.
But you know what? You persuaded me to care.
It's actually the most challenging task you've done all day.
Unfortunately. I'm just not convinced.
Do some work!
- Ooh! She get on my nerves.
- Yeah. hello. Man. Baby T. what's going on. Champ?
Missed you.
Hey. what's up with your phone?
I've been calling you all day. man.
- Yeah. - You packing?
- I'm done. Terrance.
- What the fuck is the problem now. man?
I thought we was working this shit out. baby.
What's the deal?
Angel! Angel!
- Who's is this?
Baby T find it in between the seats today.
so you mind telling me who's necklace
our baby almost choked on?
Nigga. hello.
- Angel.
- Is it Candace's? - Man. hell nah!
I told you I'm not fucking with her. man.
That shit over with.
- Yeah. I just left your sister.
I have chlamydia again.
So you fucking somebody!
- Babe. listen. I swear to God
I ain't fucking with that girl. She want me to leave you.
and you know that shit ain't gonna happen.
So she done.
And as far as chlamydia. shit. if I got something.
I been had it.
I swear to God. I ain't been with nobody.
I promise. babe.
- Wow.
She's done.
Y'all are over because she's done?
Well. guess what Terrance?
We have more than one thing in common.
because I'm done too.
- Angel.
Listen. you stay. I'll go.
But shit. babe. You really wanna leave all this?
- I don't want it. T. You can have it all.
All I've ever done was be good to you.
For you. And you dragged me through the mud every time.
I almost died having our son.
and you was laid up outta town with another bitch.
When you gave me this ring.
you swore it was all about me and baby T.
But Candace was pregnant.
You asked me to be your wife.
You're not ready. T.
and I'm not waiting no more.
(somber music)
- Hey.
Hey man. mommy bugging. man.
She want me to leave.
You know I love you. right?
You always gonna be my little man forever.
Love you. man. - Yeah.
- Come on. T.
- Angel. baby.
Listen. I swear to God I love you.
and I don't wanna see you go.
But if I don't make you happy. I guess I'll let you go.
- You done. I'll be back later to get the rest of my shit.
Come on. T.
(somber music)
(car whirring)
(phone ringing)
- What's up?
Please tell me you're coming over.
It was extremely long day. I have wine. champagne.
Just grab food.
Would you stop?
See you in a minute.
(phone ringing)
- The fuck?
- Wait. wait. wait. I gotta take this.
This better be good.
- Hey. you talk to mama or Tameka?
- No. Why. what's up?
- Shit. Angel left and took the baby.
Tameka told her that I gave her something.
Not only that. your mama missing and so is $800
out of my son's piggy bank.
- Listen. Look. she always threatens to leave.
Just buy something nice. She'll be fine.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Come here.
- Hey. - How was your day?
- [Tameka] Extremely long.
- Yeah. mine's too.
Why are you ignoring T?
- He's calling about Angel.
She had an appointment with me today.
- Yeah?
Okay.
- Okay. and HIPAA is real.
He needs to start wearing condoms. and that's just that.
- I agree. but who are we to judge?
- Okay Reverend Drew.
he's the reason I started the private pharmacy.
- No. come on.
Lord. please...
What?
- Praying is basically talking to yourself.
You don't need me for that.
- What?
- Hold on. T.
Look.
you're so wounded with no scars.
and that could be considered arrogant.
- Then so be it!
Everything I prayed for. I had to build it myself.
- Here you go. - I'm my own God. Andrew.
- What?
- And you know. since you're so holy and spiritual.
you don't need this. - Hold on. look...
- While you're praying. ask God for a cure for cancer.
Yeah. ask him where COVID came from.
- COVID? - You think he has
a cure for that?
Because if so. we can make about $5 billion this year.
♪ And we're doing this right
♪ Oh yeah
♪ I figured that I'd stop by
♪ Just one more time
♪ And let you know what's really on my mind ♪
- My nigga. you've gotta stop sweating that shit. bro.
Just stop stressing.
Angel always talking that she gonna leave you. bro.
Relax. my nigga.
- I ain't never seen her do this shit before. bro.
This time's different. E.
The fucking look in her eyes this time. my nigga.
I think we done for real.
She's stressing me. man.
- Well. my dog. you're just gonna have
to fix that shit. bro.
My nigga. make it right.
What she said she want? - Man. fuck if I know. nigga.
I bought that girl every fucking thing.
nigga. you know that.
- Well. nigga-
- I just bought her a bag last week and shit.
Crazy part is. man.
I'm out with my young bitch the other day. man.
sitting across the table from her.
And shit. all I can fucking think about is Angel. nigga.
Shit got me stressed. my nigga.
- Little bitch?
You talking about Shorty little bitch. nigga?
Nah. nah. T.
I saw y'all at the tele and at the gas station. bro.
Don't get it twisted. though. That's a cold ass bitch. bro.
But I'd never trust her.
See how as she plays. Shorty.
- I don't trust that bitch. nigga.
- I hear you. - It's me.
- I hear you. nigga.
- I've been with her. nigga.
- Shit. man.
- Crazy part about it is. man.
that bitch know how to get to a bag. nigga.
Talking big bag. And I ain't going to that shit she did
with Shorty either. nigga.
Loving in a dirty drawer. you know what I'm saying?
- Yeah. - I just figured. shit.
as long as I keep that shit low. then it's a go.
Hey. you know? Tripping.
- I hear you. bro.
Fuck all that. nigga.
What the pussy hitting on. bro?
That shit slapping or not. nigga?
- Now you're talking. nigga.
You know how I play the pussy.
and the fucking head is amazing.
my boy. - Yeah nigga.
I hear you talking. bro.
It better be. nigga. Goddammit.
- You already know. my dog.
- But bro. that nigga Ace. bro.
Did Ace ever get back to you on that one chick?
- Hell no. bro.
But that's who killed Shorty. though.
Man. girl got so emotion.
I'ma plug you when it's time. though.
- All right. - 100.
- Let's toast up. my nigga. - Salute.
- Salute.
- Girl. Angel just up rolly on her story.
I bet you it's a makeup GIF.
- I wanna see.
Oh. They ain't even together no more.
He be fucking with my home girl.
- Who don't he fuck with?
- I haven't fucked with him.
But speaking of the devil. that's him at the bar.
- They even asked me to have a threesome with them.
- So what happened?
- They wasn't paying. The fuck?
- Well. what's up with you and Candace. bro?
She still ain't fucking with you?
- Hell no. nigga.
That shit that got Angel tripping out. man.
- Here you guys go. - Thank you. babe.
- [Bartender] No problem.
- You see that? - You see those too?
- The dumb bitch posted some shit on her IG. man.
the other day about being pregnant.
The fuck? Angel went nuts on me. nigga.
Crazy.
- Well. my nigga. they the booth right behind us. my dog.
- Fuck that bitch.
- Coming to see you. though.
she's still tripping about that abortion shit. huh?
- Man. hell yeah. man.
She talking crazy. man. She want me to leave Angel and shit.
Bitch. Know that shit ain't gonna happen. nigga.
She knew what the fuck she was getting into
when she was fucking with me. bro.
- Well. nigga.
you was the nigga fucking the bitch raw. bro.
What she have. one. two. three. four.
five. six. seven abortions. nigga?
- Are you my fucking dad. nigga?
Bitch got fire pussy. man.
- I like fire pussy too. though.
Salute to fire pussy. my nigga.
- I like that. - There we go.
- Salute to fire pussy. - Indeed.
- Boy. I gotta go to the bathroom.
- Okay.
Talking about her friend.
That bitch probably did that for free.
By herself.
She been hating you since high school.
and she know that's your nigga.
- Is he?
- [Terrance] Hey. let me holla at you for a minute.
- Why y'all can't go over there? This is my booth.
Give me another one.
Psych. Best friend. I love you. I gotta go.
See y'all later. Call me when you get home.
- What's up Candace. baby.
I missed you. what's going on?
Man. how long you gonna be mad about the same old shit?
Listen. I'm sorry about the abortion.
Never gonna have to do that shit again.
Never. But I'm not leaving my family. you know that.
- I deserve so much more. Terrance.
You go to jail. expect me to post bail.
then send another bitch to bring me some money
and then propose to Angel the same day
you asked me to get an abortion?
- I gave you 10 fucking thousand dollars
before I got locked up.
And here you go again. like always.
worried about some shit that don't concern you.
I told your ass to get on birth control.
but you lied about that shit too. didn't you?
That it.
- [Eddie] Hey nigga.
The fuck was this bitch crying for. bro?
- [Terrance] Man. drunk.
- Drunk- - That bitch weak. E.
Hey. word from the wise. my dog.
Never wife a weak bitch. dog. That shit is the worst flaw
you can ever fucking have. bro.
Shit. anybody sense that shit on you man.
and you a target from then on out.
- Or nigga. just maybe the bitch is weak for you.
You ever think about that. dog?
- Get the fuck off me. E.
nigga. weak is weak bro.
- Right.
- All she had to do was fucking bail me out
when I got locked up.
They held Angel ass for 48 hours. nigga.
and she ain't budge. she ain't break.
She ain't crack. not once bro. Fuck that.
- Nigga. you see this shit. bro?
- The fuck? My mama. nigga? - Let's go. nigga.
Hey! - No!
There's no money!
- Hey nigga! Hey nigga!
What's going on?
- Nigga. what the fuck is you doing?
- Man. this bitch ran off on me. yesterday.
nigga. get your hands off me.
- What the fuck?
I told you not to serve my mother fucking mama.
If I catch you out here again.
I'ma blow your mother fucking brains out.
- Chill out. chill out.
- I don't work for you. - I don't give a fuck
who you work for. - Chill out. T.
- [Terrance] I catch you out here again.
nigga. it's curtains.
I promise you that.
(Eddie laughing)
- Get the fuck off me.
(tense music) - Whole ass nigga.
- Your mama gonna be a bass head.
whether I serve her or not. nigga.
- Straighten it.
- [Terrance] I'm good man. hey.
- Fuck him!
- Do me a favor. bro.
Get Candace out here. man.
before this bitch ass do this thing.
I'm on you. man.
(tense music)
- I'm your mother.
You fucking ruined my life!
You go fucking run them bitches. okay?
I got me.
(tense music)
Wait. I'm sorry. T. Come here. my baby son!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
T. you know you're all I got!
You know them girls don't love me!
(tense music)
- Man. come on Angel.
Man. fuck. man.
- He still out here. and he...
He want you to leave.
I don't have to follow anyone.
- Man. shut the fuck up.
You know you gonna go making it there.
Tell T to call me.
- Roll this window down. Terrance!
(Candace screaming)
Oh my God! (Candace screaming)
- Fuck!
Fuck!
Damn. T! - No!
No. no. no. no!
(tense music)
- Hey. listen!
Listen. I got some shit I gotta get rid of.
I'll be back. I promise!
- Don't leave me! - Candy!
I'll be back!
- No. no! Baby. don't leave me!
No. please!
(tense music)
- Tammy. Tammy. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. Tammy. - No. No!
It's gonna be okay. - No. no!
- Tammy.
Look. you can't work this case. but I can. I got you.
(Tammy sobbing) (tense music)
- Hey.
Any updates?
- Hey Tameka.
- Where the hell have you been. Tameka?
He died yesterday.
- Police interrogating the only witness right now.
- And who is she?
- A bitch I should drag right the fuck up outta here.
- Okay sis. okay. Well. unfortunately he was with her.
So please. we really just need to get to the bottom of this.
- I'm still trying to figure out
why the hell you just getting here?
- Wait a minute. So you got away. but he didn't?
Can somebody please elaborate?
- She probably did it.
She wants my life so bad.
but she would never accept the fact
that Terrance would never.
- You gotta chill the fuck out.
I told you that Terrance was at the bar with me.
She just happened to be there.
- You people really did it!
He was the one that left to see!
- Bitch. you stupid? - Okay. okay!
Everybody calm down!
Calm down!
Do y'all hear y'all self?
- [Eddie] Fuck!
- Everybody in this room loves Terrance enough
not to kill him.
- And your way of thinking is why you never win cases.
The people that love you will kill you. Tammy.
How the hell did you make it through law school?
- All. right. all right!
Enough!
Back to him leaving the scene.
- Okay. okay.
Stop. okay?
I know you want a lead. and I want one just as bad as you.
but this ain't it.
Candace. I'm sorry.
Can you please just go back to the beginning?
What happened in the bar?
- No. - Eddie said nothing happened
at the bar. Tammy.
The shit happened outside!
She just want a story to tell! - Oh my God!
Can y'all please let the lady talk?
- Talk.
I'm listening.
(tense music)
- Yeah.
Okay. can you fax that over to me. please?
Okay. Okay. I'll call you back.
All right. bye.
Hey. What's up?
Anything new? - Yep.
Video footage from the bar inside and out.
9:00 p.m 2:00 a.m.
Now Tammy. wait.
you know. I'm only letting you in on this
because I love you.
I could lose my job for letting you in on this case.
- Thank you.
Okay.
You see that? Who are these two in this corner?
- Them two?
- Yeah.
- Seem to be pointing at Eddie and T.
Huh.
I'm gonna call Eddie. See if he knows them.
- He's not gonna talk to the police.
I'll handle him.
I need you to find out who these two are.
and those two girls that was with Candace too.
Question the ladies first. though. okay.
See what you can get out of them.
- You got Eddie?
- I got it.
- You got it or him?
- Walt.
Go.
(somber music)
- At this time. Eric Dion will minister and song.
(congregation clapping)
♪ Father can you hear me?
♪ Hear me when I pray?
- [Poreshanella] Oh God. it's all my fault.
My baby!
I gotta get clean.
- [Eddie] I know it was Shorty. bitch.
I'ma kill that bitch when I see her.
♪ Every day
♪ Father can you hear me?
♪ We need your love today
♪ Father. we need you
♪ To heal families today
♪ Father. can you hear me?
♪ Crying out so loud
♪ Now. broaden all my-
- [Angel] Oh! The audacity.
This bitch! I can't even grieve.
♪ Father. can you hear us
♪ Please forgive us now
(tense music)
(Tammy and Eddie moaning)
- Shit.
Oh shit.
- Tammy.
Tammy.
This nigga Terrance. man.
Nigga just had so many bodies on his gun.
Hell. I did too.
Them fucking guns couldn't have been on the scene
when the police got there.
or I'd be doing double life or some shit.
I'm looking over my shoulder
for the rest of my fucking life.
- I want to believe you.
I really do.
But trusting you has never worked for me.
Remember? (phone ringing)
Shit.
Good morning.
Okay.
I'll be leaving in about 45 minutes. I'll call you back.
Hold on.
Oh shit.
I gotta go to work.
You good?
- [Tameka] Good morning.
- Is it?
You're booked all day. back to back until four o'clock.
- I wonder what genius would do such a thing.
- [Amina] You gonna really sit there and read that card
like you don't know who is from.
- You talk so much in the morning. I notice.
Where's my coffee?
- So about that. your coffee plucky said he's done.
You don't respond to his calls or his texts.
or answer his emails.
You act like that boy does not exist.
- So let me just get this straight.
You overbook me. The coffee guy is moody.
This is gonna be a very interesting day.
- [Shaquita] Hey.
- Hi. can you sign in for me please?
Okay. Shaquita. room five in the back.
- I know. just...
- She gonna make me fuck her up.
- I know. but just don't be ghetto.
Just go do your job. please.
- I'm trying!
Okay. so I'm just here to check your vitals
if you can go ahead and sit on the bed.
- Nah. I ain't here for all that.
I just gotta get some birth control.
- Lord. she got more time and I'm gonna cut flat on her ass.
Can you go ahead and sit on the bed for me?
- No.
- Hi. I'm Krystal Berry.
I have a 9:30 appointment with Dr. Davis.
- Hi Krystal. here's the iPad.
Fill out the prompts and the nurse will be right with you.
The drop station.
She'll be pregnant tomorrow.
Krystal Berry?
I am Dr. Davis. I will be taking your pap today.
Scoot to the edge for me. please. and open up.
Krystal. when is the last time you had a pap smear?
- It's been a few years. Why. what's wrong?
- Just relax. I'm just getting cultures right now.
Okay. go ahead and sit up for me. please.
From the looks of it. you for sure have an STD.
You're very irritated down here.
How often are you having unprotected sex?
- A lot. but only with my boyfriend.
I haven't had sex with anyone since high school.
and I wore condoms.
Oh my God. he's cheating.
- Listen. I see this every day.
My advice to you is to still wear condoms.
even in a relationship.
So I'm gonna treat you for the common STDs today
to save you some time.
If anything comes back from your cultures
other than what I treated you for.
I will definitely contact you.
Amina's gonna get some blood work and a urine sample.
- Thank you. Dr. Davis.
- No problem.
- Eddie did it! He's guilty. Tammy.
Read this shit!
- My mother failed to mention this.
- She didn't have to. That's PJ.
Neighborhood runner for Big Loke.
I brought him in for questioning. but he has an alibi.
He was at home with his wife when the killing took place.
- Says who? His wife?
Who wouldn't lie to save her husband?
Anyway. what did you find out about Candace?
- Well. she's pregnant. I'm not sure if it's your brother's.
but she's definitely with child.
- Fucking course she's pregnant.
- The two girls are Brittany Johnson and Jaynaye Foster.
Brittany is Candace's best friend.
and Jaynaye is a long distance friend of Brittany's
who was there for the weekend.
I questioned Brittany for about two hours.
I discovered that Candace is suicidal.
Her mother isn't supportive.
and your brother was under the impression
that she had an abortion.
Your brother supposedly paid Brittany to leave
so he and Candace could talk alone in private.
That was before the killing took place.
- And what about the Jaynaye chick?
- Born and raised in Chicago.
Her and Brittany met in college. Wayne State University.
- And Candace and Jaynaye?
- Just mutual friends through Brittany.
- How are you so sure?
- Facebook.
Everything that you need to solve a crime is on Facebook.
- Of course. Facebook.
- This generation makes me love my job.
(Tameka moaning)
(phone ringing and vibrating)
- The fuck?
(doorbell ringing)
- What?
- Don't do all that when I come over here.
- Why are you over here?
- Tameka. I know you wasn't here asking.
That is beyond pathetic.
At this point. you might want to sleep with Drew.
- I don't want Drew.
Why are you popping up at my house unannounced.
and what the hell do you have on?
- First of all. bitch. you could never.
And it's ladies' night at that new bar on 14th street.
And since you don't want Drew.
you might as well come out and mingle!
Or do you wanna be a virgin for the rest of your life?
- Actually. I'm waiting on marriage.
- Waiting? For what?
You don't even believe in God.
- Now that you've ruined my moment.
- Yeah.
- Did you at least- - Where is Drew anyways?
- Still in surgery.
- Did you at least bring champagne?
- No. It's Friday night.
Drew's gonna be out all night. so we might as well go party.
Come on!
- I think not.
I'm not going anywhere with you looking like that.
- Uh-uh. don't be shady.
Listen. my cousin Derek said his friend's
new bar is gonna be lit.
So come on. we are going out.
Let's go! - I don't want to.
I don't want to!
♪ Work. work
♪ I'ma put in work. work
♪ Work. work. work
♪ Stepping out is nothing
♪ It's nothing ♪ 'Cause I got pits for days
♪ Pits for days ♪ Compliments of my nigga
♪ 'Cause he so fucking paid ♪ Yeah
♪ Compliments of me. 'cause my hustle is relentless ♪
♪ Yeah ♪ And I got niggas. man
♪ They be begging to hit this
♪ Begging ♪ And bitches dragging swag
♪ What ♪ And got me on their hit list
♪ What ♪ But bitch. I'm eating cash
♪ I don't fuck with that weak shit ♪
♪ Nope ♪ So pretend you the boss
♪ And bitch. keep breaking nails ♪
♪ Keep breaking nails. bitch ♪ I'ma stay working
(door squeaking) (tense music)
- Yeah. what's up. bitch?
Starting fucking talking.
- Shit. I don't know what this is about!
- Bitch. who killed my brother?
- E! I have no idea!
Shit.
- You ain't know who T was smashing? You raggedy. dusty ass?
'Cause y'all know everything.
Just like I know you put the play on little Shorty.
But oh yeah. before I kill your ass.
you're about to let me into the fucking know.
- Wasn't just sleeping with T.
We've been a thing. but no one knew!
- When the last time you seen him?
- We met at the mall to grab lunch!
- Who else?
Bitch. what you eat? What mall?
- Alexander's!
T was like my best friend!
We met at the mall. did some shopping.
and T got a bag for his baby mama.
- Let me guess. - Shit.
- You maxed and get your raggedy ass a bag. huh?
- Me and T was getting a different type of bag.
Little bitch ass bag out of a Somerset could never compare.
(footsteps tapping)
- Hi. I'm Tammy Davis.
Are you Shavonne Rivers?
- Yes. what's this concerning?
- I'm working with Officer Walt on that Terrance Davis case.
- Oh. my husband already spoke with him.
I have nothing to say unless a lawyer is present.
- I am a lawyer.
In this. your statement. it says that you were home
with your husband and kids.
However. Mary Brooks Nursing Home
has you on a clock for a full shift?
7:45 p.m. to 7:45 a.m.?
I highly doubt stealing time from a million dollar company.
- Look.
- We can handle this in court.
I don't like to waste time. though.
Now. you have the right to testify and you can do that.
But then that's when my job comes into play.
- Is that a threat?
- No. more like an eye opener.
You see. I do know that PJ has three spots.
Yeah.
Two on Turner and in this one here
that you and your kids live in.
So hypothetically speaking. I wouldn't call it a threat.
More like a promise.
(frightening music)
- Terrance was more than a fuck.
We made money.
- How?
Crystal Meth.
I'm Ace.
He told you about Ace. right?
(gunshot firing) - The money!
Huh?
- It wasn't me.
I'm Ace.
Terrance told you Ace killed Shorty?
- Hey brother. that...
That nigga Ace. bro.
did Ace ever get back to you on that one chick?
- Hell no. bro. But that's who killed Shorty. though.
- So then you know I killed Shorty.
I'm Ace.
See Terrance wanted to tell you.
but he knew you'd try and kill me.
- Bitch. doesn't give a fuck about you.
T could have had a dozen bitches a day.
He would've offed you about Shorty.
- Yeah. no. but see. I'm the money.
- Bitch know how to get to a bag.
- Ace.
See. Terrance would rather have you thinking he was whack
for fucking with Shorty's bitch than to lose Ace.
And the reason y'all operation
been running all these years. nigga.
- I'm talking big bag.
(words echoing)
- Me.
Salute.
(frightening music)
- Hey M!
What is lit up in here?
This is my song!
- Oh stop it. you're so embarrassing.
- Whatever.
- This place looks like a basement.
- Here we go.
- And it smells like dirty mop water in here.
- Shut up.
- Bartender!
- Yes.
- Can you please get my friend a drink?
- Yeah. what'd you guys like?
- I think not!
I'm not drinking.
I'm not even staying. this place doesn't even look safe.
- Tameka. - What?
- Sit your ass down. Now. listen. we ain't at work.
so I ain't gonna hold my tongue.
Sit your boujee. horny. lame ass down somewhere.
- Shit. you gotta loosen up.
I'm gonna come here. You be in the office too much.
I'm gonna need you to chill.
- Oh. that's that doctor chick that was on CIN.
- Shit! - Yeah. she bad. ain't she?
Nigga. did you just hear what I just said?
She's a doctor.
Don't want you.
- The fuck? - Broke ass.
- Oh. now I'm broke. right? - Yeah. yeah. you broke.
- Watch it.
- Yeah. - Keep it 100.
- Peace.
- 150. - No. $50.
- I want more money than that. - That's how much you pay.
Money or not.
(upbeat music)
(Esson clearing throat)
- Good evening. ladies. Can I buy you a drink?
- You work here?
- Yeah. you can say that. I own the place.
- You should remodel.
What?
- [Amina] Oh. look. I'm Amina and this is my girl. Tameka.
- Actually. I'm your boss and it's
Doctor- - Doctor Davis. right?
I seen the interview with Mike Adams.
See?
I'm Esson.
(Mike coughing)
Forgive me. This is my boy. Mike.
Hey ladies. how you doing?
I'm the co-owner here at the bar.
- Not interested.
- Me either. the fuck?
- Talking about not being ass ho.
- Not being ass ho? Boy. you better get your whack
ass up outta here. - I'm just saying.
- Your beard ain't even lined up right. go!
- Well. your glasses not even on!
- [Amina] The fuck? I'ma beat him up.
- This is ghetto. - Knock that whole bar over.
- Forgive me. ladies. - You're being ghetto.
- I apologize for that.
- So. you single?
- Yeah. so is your 32 year old gynecologist right here.
- I'm not interested.
- But you will be.
You ladies have a good evening.
- Bye.
- Ooh. he's gorgeous. - Yes he is!
And I gonna tell you right now. you don't fuck him. I will.
You better get up on that. - [Tameka] Amina!
- [Amina] Excuse! Fake-ass co-owner!
(door cracking)
- I have even more evidence that Eddie did it.
He's guilty. Tammy.
♪ I love. I love. I love. I love. ♪
♪ I love you like la. la. la. la. la. la ♪
- Eddie didn't do it.
♪ Oh
(upbeat music)
Now. fuck me before I change my mind.
- Haven't been this drunk in a long time.
- You needed it.
- Shit happens. - So.
what's the celebration. ladies?
- Well. my brother was murdered.
My sister's a lawyer that thinks she's the fucking DA.
My mother's a crack head.
- Tameka! - What?
No! - Shut up!
- I have an amazing man in my life
who I'm not sexually attracted to.
Hey. you know what?
To top it all off. my only friend works for me.
- But you haven't mentioned anything about yourself.
- Oh. this bitch?
She a 32 year-old virgin.
- [Esson] Is that right?
- Would you shut up already? - I'm sorry.
- Supposed to be the only friend.
- Unfortunately.
- Hey look. I apologize.
What happened to your brother?
If you don't mind me asking. what happened?
- I mind.
- My apologies again.
- No biggie.
It's getting late. Amina. come on. let's head out.
We have to be at the office very early.
Esson. right?
- Right.
- Nice meeting you.
- Dr. Davis.
It's just the beginning.
- I'm sorry? - Of us.
- Bitch! You is fucking him!
Come on! I don't care what you say.
Yo go fuck him! I've said it. oh!
Girl you're gonna be mad!
I'm like...
Lit!
Whoo!
And you still made it here on time?
Girl. you are not human.
- Good morning. Amina.
Last night was last night.
What time is my first appointment?
You are free until four o'clock.
- Interesting. 'cause I could sworn I seen something
on the board for 1:00.
- Yeah. You have a date with Esson at 1:00.
- What?
- You know. the guy from last night.
- You know I would never!
- Oh. but you will.
You will Dr. Davis. because if you don't.
I have to give back $1.500.
and I already spent 500 on Amazon.
so it ain't no going back.
You're going on this date.
- I would never. - 1.500.
- You know I'm not- - 1.500.
- Why would- - 1.500.
- Yeah. - We'll talk about that later.
I will get back to that. but right now.
I need you to call Krystal Berry in.
- Is everything okay?
- These cultures. they're just so confusing.
Did you test these the same day?
- Of course I did.
Why? What does it say?
Is it bad?
- I'm just hoping it's a false read.
Get her in here for some blood work.
- Okay.
(phone ringing)
- Hi. Ms. Berry?
- What's up. Chanel? I'm at work.
- Grandma stole my laptop.
- Okay. just calm down. Calm down.
Where's your mother?
- I don't know! She didn't answer when I called her.
And I have to do my homework.
and my essay is due tomorrow.
- Okay. I'll come over after work and you can use mine.
Is she there now?
Okay.
I'll be there shortly.
The fuck is your mom?
(cars whirring)
- Sorry. make it two. Here she is.
- [Tameka] Champagne. please.
- You're late.
- Late? I'm here.
- You want to be?
You look beautiful.
- I know that. but thank you.
- Here you are. - Thanks.
- Are you two ready to order?
- Yes. I'll have the garden salad.
and hold the cheese. please.
Dressing on the side.
- [Waitress] Okay. And for you. sir?
- I'll have the salmon.
- Right away.
- Vegan. huh?
- So what else did you study about me?
- Everything.
I know you like red roses. but you love pink.
and your favorite color is green.
Red is your second best.
That's your favorite person. your brother.
That was your keeper.
You watch "Make it Make Sense." every Monday.
and I'm pretty sure it's a mole
right there under that makeup.
- Amina. - A lot of your life
is your work.
That's only because you're bored.
Should I go on?
- Here you are. - Thank you.
- I said no cheese!
- [Waitress] Sorry about that.
- Sheesh.
Amina and these freaking dating sites.
- Nah. I don't bother with those.
I'm not that pressed.
I study what I want.
- Most guys do.
- That's why you're here.
I'm not most guys.
(door knocking)
(Poreshanella giggling)
- Who the fuck is banging
on my mother fucking door like this?
- [Tameka] Open up this door. you bitch!
- Bitch! Who do you think you talking to you?
- You! You stole Chanel's laptop?
How pathetic are you?
- Don't come in my house with all of that shit.
- Your house? You're delusional.
This isn't your house.
- Bitch. I brought you in this world. and I will-
- Can you please stop reminding me?
You. You are possibly the reason that my brother is dead.
Right?
You didn't think I know that he roughed PJ up
for serving you?
And then you steal my baby's laptop?
You know what?
Do me a favor. why don't you just go overdose
and die already?
- Auntie! - Chanel. stay out of this.
You don't know the truth about your grandmother.
- Chanel is not your daughter. Tameka.
You're the delusional one.
You can't have kids.
- Grandma. stop. - You remember?
- She's a virgin.
(tense music)
- Yeah. - Duh.
Hell. I am high!
But all I ever tried to do was love you. Tameka!
You're just so damn hard to love!
- [Chanel] Grandma!
- No! She's evil!
I don't know why you hate me so much.
- You made me this way. Poreshanella.
- No.
You was born this way.
(tense music)
- The hell is going on here?
Mom. I know you ain't been getting high I'm my damn house.
Ma. where you been? I've been trying to call you all day.
- Hold on. Chanel.
First of all. this is not your house.
And while you were somewhere laid on your back.
your mother sold your daughter's laptop.
and now she's having a pity party
because her high is going down.
- Your father left her this house. so it is her house.
You're so damn jealous. Tameka.
- Of a house?
My dad put me through med school. and you know what?
He saved me from you.
I can buy plenty of houses.
He left you nothing.
- Why is it so easy for you to hate me?
- I was born this way. remember?
- And you.
Okay. you're a slut.
Great slut.
but terrible. terrible mother.
Bitch. come on! - Mom. stop!
Come on. Tammy! You're a gangster bitch!
- Get out. - Gladly.
- You know what?
You may not be jealous of the way daddy handled things.
but you have a very jealous spirit. Tameka.
You are so hateful!
And yeah. I may not be mother of the year.
but until you can have a child. your point is irrelevant.
- Tammy. you convincing me that you are a good mom
is like me believing that she would possibly
one day get clean.
She's the reason Terrance is dead. Did you even know that?
- Really wanna breathe.
Oh my God. This is never-ending.
(ominous music)
- Hola.
- Good morning.
I don't know who sent these pink ones. They just came.
- Pink is always better. Cute.
- Hi. I have an appointment with Dr. Davis.
- Oh. okay. Go ahead and sign in for me please.
And you can actually take room five all the way in the back.
- Thanks. - You're welcome.
- Oh my God. really?
- You know her? - Unfortunately.
(door knocking)
Candace.
Good afternoon. Morning.
Whatever it is.
- I hate to keep bothering you.
but you're the best gynecologist in the city.
and I just want what's best for my baby.
- [Tameka] Is this the part
where you tell me it's my brother's?
- Dr. Davis. her record through from Dr. Matthew's office.
and Andrew is on line one.
- Thank you. Take a message. please.
- Okay.
- I'll take a DNA test.
I reached out to your mom and your sister.
I don't wanna bring any more drama. Tameka.
- Unfortunately. you are drama. Candace.
Since my brother's death.
you've bought nothing but drama to my family.
but that's personal. right?
I'm at work and keeping it professional is a must.
You can sit up.
So congratulations. It's a girl.
Her heartbeat is normal. and she's very active.
- Active. What do you mean?
- Meaning move around a lot.
You know. busy body. Like mother. like daughter!
Amina will be in to get some blood work.
Oh. and good luck with Poreshanella
and the whole grandmother thing.
Have a good day.
- Hey Dr. Davis. I hope you didn't call me in for bad news.
- For some reason I couldn't get
a clear read of your cultures.
so I'm gonna need some more blood work.
Follow me.
- [Amina] Okay. You can follow me out right this way.
- I know that bitch from somewhere.
- She has like a million followers on social media.
- I need some prenatal vitamins.
- Okay. right this way.
- I'll get the vitamins.
Tell her about the private pharmacy. get these to the lab.
You know it takes forever to get results back.
Go. - Okay.
- Good luck!
(tense music)
- Hey Dr. Davis. did you...
Oh my God. Are those Krystal's?
- Candace.
- The pregnant chick?
But she didn't ask for a HIV test.
Dr. Davis. - It's my brother's. Amina.
- So you tested her? For what?
- Listen. my brother is dead.
My mother's a crack head.
and Tammy can barely be a mother to Chanel.
So that leaves me. and I'll give her abortion myself
before I let her pin a sick. unhealthy baby on me.
Go ahead and leave for today.
- I'll leave. Make sure you call Andrew ASAP.
He said he has a surprise for you.
(tense music)
- [Andrew] Sorry Davis. had three surgeries.
but let's have dinner soon.
I would love to see you before the convention.
Drew.
(Tameka sighing)
- Thanks for breakfast.
- You know what?
I'm gonna need you to do that all the time.
- What's that?
- Smile.
I love it.
And speaking of time.
I'm definitely gonna be needing more of yours.
- You know I work a whole lot.
and I'm technically not dating at the moment.
So.... - But realistically.
we are dating. and technically this will be our second date.
- Time flies when you're having fun.
- So look. this whole fantasy life that you live in.
is it just a fantasy. or is this really you?
- My life is a fairytale to you?
I'm a good catch. I just don't wanna be caught.
Look. I work a whole lot and I got so many personal things
going on in my life right now.
(Esson shushing)
- Listen. I want you.
I do. Fantasies. the fairytale and all.
Even the flaws. I'll take it.
- I need to get back to the office.
- Of course.
- Hey Amina.
- Hey! - Where's T at?
Where's T? I'm hungry.
Just had a surgery. man. About to head back
to the hospital in about- - You are so silly-
- 45 minutes.
- She's actually right behind you.
- It was everywhere. like...
- Hey babe.
- Drew.
- Got you some more flowers.
- Drew. this is Esson. Esson. this is Andrew.
- Okay.
- Hey Esson!
- What's up? Hey. what's up?
- Yeah. so. was thinking.
you going to lunch without me?
That's what you did.
- Actually. I went to breakfast.
- Oh. okay. - And we didn't discuss lunch.
so.
You're here unannounced. right?
- No. I...
Yeah. I guess so.
Guess I'll just get some lunch by myself. huh?
- I'll call you.
- Yeah.
- Oh. he's mad.
Dropping by unannounced.
Missing dinner dates. lunch dates.
I'm sure that's not the guy you're dating. right?
- It's not what it looks like.
- I'm sure it isn't.
Here you go.
- Bitch. that shit was funny as fuck!
You are the devil himself.
- Shut up. You're so annoying.
- Man. I can't believe she let you
take her out the other night.
- You can quit acting like I ain't the man
when it come in these ladies. bro.
- I mean. I ain't like the vibe
she was giving another night.
- You never do.
- Besides. she a boujee bitch. man.
Look. I know you like these rude ass bitches.
but once you fuck. man.
you ain't gonna wanna deal with her no more.
- Oh.
I give her the attitude adjustment. All that changed.
- E. what's up. man?
- Dirty D. what's happening man?
- Not much. man. What y'all niggas on?
- Man. we're riding this fool I'm the man
when it come to these women.
- Boy. you're smooth ass. man.
That's funny. You still messing with that teacher chick?
- Yeah.
Yeah. but I got a doctor now.
- What the fuck?
You went on one date with her. now she your bitch?
- It's my lady. bro.
- Ew!
- Man. not this nigga blushing and shit.
Bro. you gotta be dating Beyonce. How she look?
- Bro.
She's gorgeous.
- [Mike] He's capping. capping. capping.
- Crazy part is. D.
she's a virgin.
- Nah bro. she a man.
Look bro. I'm fucking with you. bro.
But she a doctor. she fine as fuck. and she a virgin?
No cap. bro. she might not be a man.
but there's for sure something wrong with the bitch.
- Man. look.
I think the bitch gay.
You know what I'm saying?
The bitch look at pussy all day anyway. so I don't know.
I don't like her. - Right. you know what?
At the end of the day.
that's why you don't get no pussy.
And I'm out. So go ahead and lock up and say y'all later.
- Bro. where are you going?
We have a party tonight.
- I got a party too. it's called game night.
Some shit you don't know about.
- Yeah. all right. all right.
Yeah.
Come on.
- Okay. just hurry up so you can help me clean.
♪ One in a million
Okay. bye.
♪ One in a million (doorbell ringing)
That must be Drew. ♪ One in a million
Coming. Drew! ♪ One in a million
♪ One in a million
♪ You know that
(door squeaking)
Hi. - Hey.
These are for you.
- Thank you.
(soft upbeat music)
- Hey sexy!
- Slow night?
- You say that?
What can I get you?
- Can I have a sex on the beach please?
- Ooh. My type of girl.
Will anybody be joining you?
- Yes. but we can talk dirty till he get here.
- Ooh.
What's your name. babe?
- Tammy Davis.
Davis. Sound familiar.
- Oh yeah? - Yeah.
- Heineken please.
- You're late.
- I was following your request. Ms. Davis.
Well. this may not be a package of bullshit.
- PJ wasn't at home. Thank you.
PJ wasn't at home with his wife when the killing took place.
but I did get enough information for two new leads.
Apparently Big Loke and your brother
were beefing up a territory.
Big Loke was running the North End.
and your brother took it over.
He offered him to split it.
but your brother was not going for it.
That's a reason to kill somebody off.
- That's if the story's legit.
My brother wasn't greedy.
You say you got that story from PJ?
- It's all in this packet.
- Okay.
- Well. Candace went to a prison early this morning
to visit a guy named Morris White.
I thought that was weird. so I looked into it.
That's her ex-boyfriend from a few years back.
Crazy. right?
Now. she left the prison.
and he went to go visit your sister.
Now. I watched the footage from Terrance and Candace
over and over again at the bar.
It seems to me that she got mad. calmed down.
but then got mad again.
- [Tammy] Well. did you question her about the conversation?
- Of course I did.
She says that he was trying to get back with her.
They broke up. because he didn't want her to have the baby.
- So she knew that he was never leaving his family
to be with her.
- It seems to me.
- So what if she was angry?
Is that not enough reason to kill someone off?
- Tammy. are you serious?
- No. don't Tammy me. okay?
- Right. - Look.
you're the detective on this job.
Not me. I can't do my job and yours.
- Are you in denial or dick drunk?
I told you Eddie did it.
(upbeat music)
- Definitely gonna need another one of these.
- [Mike] Sure thing. Angela Valdes.
- I am so not Angela Valdes.
I don't like bad boys.
I just like having sex with them.
- My brother chose the street life
and now my family is suffering from it.
The plan was to go to the Mental Illness Convention
this year in Brazil.
We promised my dad we would before he died.
This is getting extremely boring.
Is your friend still coming?
- You know what? I don't think he is.
He has this whole thing set up with his kids.
- Looks like Amina is standing me up too.
You want some more champagne?
- Yeah.
- Yes to champagne or Amina standing me up?
- Both.
- Freaking bitch.
- Hey look. chill on Amina. all right?
Listen. I wanted to spend more time with you. so.
I had her help me out a little bit.
- Well. you know. asking a woman out on a date
is how you get more time.
- Yeah. but this was more interesting.
More intense and more meaningful.
- So do you have kids? Color is red. by the way.
- Actually I do. Twin boys. Maurice and Marcus.
- They live with you?
- Nope. They stay with their mom in Tennessee.
- Divorced?
- Nah.
Nah. I was young and didn't know
how to treat a woman back then.
- So you know now.
- You know what?
I could show you better than I could tell you.
- Aren't you gonna ask about my kid?
- You got a kid?
- Don't sound so surprised.
- I mean.
you are a virgin. right?
- Totally slipped my mind that Amina told you that.
- Oh man. listen. Let's chill on the champagne. okay?
- No. I'm good.
I swear.
I'm good. It's Chanel.
She's my niece. but she's more like my daughter.
- I noticed the pictures when I was coming in.
So answer me this.
What's up with this whole dating. but not dating thing?
- Drew.
How do I explain this?
Drew is my person.
My best friend.
The only person that really understands me. Sometimes.
- Do you love him?
- He's perfect.
- So why aren't you with the man of your dreams?
- I said he was perfect.
I never said he was the man of my dreams.
But what about you?
Do you have a person?
- Everybody has somebody. right?
I guess so.
I'm gonna kiss you.
- Well. then do it.
- [Tammy] Slow down!
Slow down. slow down!
- Dad. dad. dad. dad. dad. dad. dad!
I did it. I did it!
I did- - No.
Don't you see I'm helping your sister Tameka
with her homework?
- Dad. - I'll be right...
- Dad.
(somber music)
(Esson laughing)
- Hey. you know I would. dude.
Yeah.
Hey look. just do it. and really...
I don't know. You know what I'm saying.
(tense music)
Shit!
Let me call you back. baby.
Why are you sitting in the dark?
- Who is she?
- Who is who?
- The bitch you're cheating with.
The bitch you just left.
The one you bought pink roses for twice!
And a dirty bitch at that.
- Krystal. you really need to speak on shit that you know.
- I know you gave me gonorrhea and a bacteria infection
for the third time.
So I got it. she got it.
- I'm not fucking nobody. Krystal.
- I don't know why I'm not enough for you.
My doctor called me in for blood work
because my cultures are so fucked up.
She found something in my pap that wasn't normal.
I have cells on my pelvic.
and now she's checking my blood work to make sure
it's not life-threatening.
- I got tested. Remember?
I got the paperwork to prove it.
- Last month you told me you wanted to see other people.
and then I get burned.
Now you coming in at 6:00 a.m..
so you haven't been with anyone else?
- Yeah. I said that. - Really? Really. Esson?
- Yeah. I said that.
- Were you with her tonight?
- Yeah.
- Esson!
I have one of the best gynecologists in the city
who doesn't make mistakes.
So you're fucking somebody.
This shit ain't come from the air.
- I'm not fucking nobody. Krystal.
I just got tested.
Remember?
- Get tested by my doctor. She treats guys too.
- Are you outta your fucking mind?
- I'm not getting tested by no fucking OBGYN.
I just told you. I'm good!
Well. I'm not good.
So get treated for me and then we can figure
the rest of this out.
Do you love her?
Do you love me?
- Of course. Krystal.
I'm just not in love with you.
We're not even fucking. remember?
No.
(dramatic music)
- I'll schedule the appointment for you.
(tense music)
- Fuck.
(upbeat music)
- [Chanel] Mom. I'm going!
Ma!
I'm gone.
(upbeat music)
Tammy. you in there? Girl. open this door.
- [Man] Oh. oh. Your mom.
Your mom. your mom. your mom. - Oh shit. Get the fuck out!
Shit.
- Tammy. Girl. what the hell is wrong with you?
Don't you know Chanel is watching everything you do?
She been watching you since she was a little girl.
And you wonder why she looks up to Tameka?
You know they teasing her at school. right?
'Cause you done fucked around and fucked half the staff!
No.
They're teasing her at school because you stole
all of her school equipment.
And the rumor is that you were being served.
Her uncle tried to be Captain Save-A-Ho and got got.
And she looks up to Tameka. just like my daddy did.
It was always about Tameka.
She was delusional from birth. and whatever you did to her
made my daddy feel like he just need to give her
all his attention.
So he loved her more.
Forgetting to love me too.
So excuse me if I'm looking for something in these men
that you and my daddy couldn't give to me.
You know what? Do me a favor.
Get the fuck outta my house.
(tense music)
Hello? Get the fuck out!
(dramatic music)
- [Tameka] Good morning!
- Good morning. Dr. Davis.
- You can call me Tameka today.
What?
- Bitch. you got some dick. didn't you?
Ooh! Look at you all glowing and shit!
I know. Got some dick.
- That would be a Tammy move. I am Tameka Davis.
Come on now. Amina. I just met him.
(phone ringing) - Yeah. yeah. Whatever.
Dr. Davis' office. (phone vibrating)
Oh. hey Ms. Berry.
- [Tameka] Hey babe. what's going on this early?
Is everything okay?
- [Esson] Hey. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Look. I was just thinking about you all night.
Look. I wanna see you later on.
- Babe. I can't. I'm sorry. I really wish I could.
I have a date with my person.
- [Esson] Listen. I promise you. I won't keep you long.
Just stop by the bar after work. You know what I'm saying?
Pour a few. then we can talk. then you can get to him.
- Okay. okay. cool. I'll stop by.
But I gotta get back to work. okay?
- Okay. look. go be great.
- Okay. I will.
(uplifting music)
Great. Fucking great.
- Have a good one. Ms. Berry.
Okay. so come on. Finish telling me.
- Okay wait. first. what did Krystal want?
- She just wanted to schedule an appointment
for her boyfriend to come get tested for the STDs.
But back to you. come on.
Did he spend the night?
- No.
- Did he at least suck a titty? Damn!
- [Tameka] No! No!
- See. that's the problem right there. You not nasty enough.
♪ Hey oh
- [Ace] Gonna have to kill Eddie.
- You're making that shit sound so easy.
Ever since Terrance got killed.
niggas ain't even been working.
They've been so shook.
- You think I give a fuck about a nigga being shook?
Shit don't stop 'cause a nigga dead.
Yo. T was my nigga. We was fucking.
You see me moping around this bitch?
Still money to be made.
- So you killed him?
- I'm gonna kill you if you don't get this done.
The fuck out of my face.
- What's up. Ace?
- Did you make sure nobody was following you?
- Of course.
- [Mike] Hey. what you drink?
- No. I'm straight.
- [Mike] All right.
- Look. I need another lawyer.
They're trying to pin T's death on me.
- Relax. I'm on it. - Relax?
Relax?
They fucking with my wife.
Going up to her job and shit.
- Her work? - Yeah.
And they raided one of my spots.
Loke just ain't answering the phone. Shit crazy. Ace.
- Now. why he ain't answer? - And you know they always ask
about that North End shit too.
- Wonder how they know about that.
- Come on. Ace.
Streets talk.
Who didn't know about that beef?
- That's what they wanted y'all to think.
Folks didn't do that shit.
- How you know?
You did it?
- PJ. are you fucking stupid?
He was my nigga. we was fucking.
- Yeah. And he was fucking Shorty too.
Call me when you got a better lawyer worth paying.
(dramatic music)
- Damn. when the last time you got checked. E?
- It was like three months ago.
Everything was good.
Now she want me to go get tested by her doctor.
And the fucked up part is.
her doctor is my lady. bro.
- Oh. you talking about the bitch
you was telling me about the other day?
- D. come on.
- Damn. my bad.
You right. bro. I can't be calling her no bitch.
But you love this ho. don't you?
Her pussy must be fine.
- The nigga wanna know?
They ain't even fuck yet.
- Hey babe. what's up? - Hey.
- Doing public already?
- Yeah. this is my boy D. this is my lady.
- Dr. Gorgeous.
- Nice to meet you.
- And you know this fool right here.
- What up. Dr. Davis?
- I'm gonna slide. bro. I'm gonna let you talk to your lady.
Whatever.
- That's water. - Oh.
- [Mike] Well. pay me then.
- Can I get a minute. bro?
Can I get a minute. bro? - Oh shit!
My bad. bro.
Oh yeah. you wanna go do some co-owner stuff!
Yeah. like inventory. right?
'Cause I co-own the bar.
Got you. Yeah.
Hey ladies. you know shots on me.
Co-owner. Psych.
- He is so weird.
- Gotta love him.
- What's up. babe. what's going on?
- Hey look. I called you down here
'cause we gotta keep it 100 with each other.
Mainly about our persons.
and them being a factor still in our life.
Let's not let nothing blindside us. okay?
- Okay babe. but you could have said that over the phone.
What's really going on?
- Yeah. I could have.
but my person is one of your patients.
I got tested a few months ago.
and look. everything is being faxed over to you as we speak.
However. when I got home.
my person. she told me she had a abnormal pap read
that was performed by you. so.
- Does she know about this?
- No.
- Who is she?
Esson.
Who is it?
- Krystal.
- With her being my patient and HIPAA.
I can't really talk about- - Oh. no. no. no. no.
I totally understand. totally.
All right?
It's just. she set us an appointment
for us both to come in. all right?
And I didn't wanna have nothing blindside you.
- You know what?
You turn me on in a lot of ways.
but this. it's just undeniable.
- Look. let's cheerio.
before you don't make it to your person. all right?
- You're right.
You're right. let me get out of here.
- Hey.
Tell him the good news.
- What's this?
Oh my God! We're going to Brazil!
Oh my God. Esson!
We're going to the convention?
Oh my God. you want me to fall in love with you. don't you?
- I do.
It be working? - It is.
I'm going to the convention!
Yes!
- That smiling doctor is out. huh?
- Shut up. nigga.
I like her. yo!
- Nigga. what if you don't fuck?
- We're fucking the morning of.
On the way to the plane. on the plane and when we land.
And every fucking night after.
- I hope she worth it.
- You see the smile?
Hell yeah she worth it.
- Hey.
did she ever tell you her brother name?
The one that got killed?
- Yeah. why?
- Man. this bitch came here the other day
talking to one of Loke's workers about it.
- Is that right? - Yeah.
I think the bitch did it.
but she trying to have dog take the rap for it.
Now I did see there was a 10.000 K reward on that.
Shoot. we could call that number
and get this easy 10K right quick.
- You know what?
Don't call that number.
I'll give you five. right?
Hey. what time was that?
Like 1:32.
- Was the music on?
- Yeah. But you'll probably hear the conversation
through the register cameras.
- Hmm. Download that.
Send it to me.
All right.
- Well. you look beautiful as always.
- Thank you. Are you having your usual?
- You know me so well.
- You're predictable. Drew.
- Really? - Yes. Really.
- Good evening. Dr. Powell. Dr. Davis.
- [Tameka] Hi. how are you. Key?
- I'm good thank you. I have champagne for you.
- All right. - So he'll have the usual
and I'll take a garden salad. extra olives.
- Okay. - Thank you.
- I'll get that for you. - Okay.
How was the big surgery?
- Well. I guess this is a celebration.
- Okay. well we can toast to it.
- Yes.
Although. I only have four months to teach 10 residents
how to perform the surgery.
So I won't be making the convention. unfortunately.
Yeah.
- Wow. - But enough about me.
This glow you have.
I like it.
What is it?
- You noticed?
- Of course I noticed. How couldn't I?
What is it?
- Nothing much. Just work.
- Work.
So let me get this straight.
So you buy a new purse for work.
change your hairstyle for work.
You even being nice to people. all because of work?
- I'm going to the convention.
I was so excited to tell you.
but then when you told me you weren't going.
I thought maybe I'd just wait.
I'm getting back to my life.
- Congratulations. So you taking Chanel?
- Yeah. Well. no.
Well I'm not really sure yet.
- Why? - Because I really need
to focus on what my next move is gonna be. you know?
- So you're really considering going back to school.
- Drew. we talked about this. I wanna be a psychologist.
- And make less money?
- Actually. my plan is to triple my yearly income.
- Okay listen.
the private pharmacy is doing numbers right now.
Numbers.
So just take my 20%.
- It's not about the money. Drew.
- Then what is it...
Then what is it about? Your dad?
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean that to come out like that.
- Well. what the hell did you mean?
- See what I'm talking about?
You at rage and you don't even notice your own anger.
but you wanna be a psychologist.
Fuck you. Drew.
- Yeah. fuck me.
Okay.
- He's so sexy and charming.
and honest and loyal.
His penis is little.
- No. it's not.
We both see him in him in them gray joggers.
We know it's not little.
- He's terrible in bed.
- And how would you know?
- You think he's controlling?
- Tameka. stop!
Can you please live a little for once?
And speaking of the king.
- Good morning. Krystal. Sign in. please.
Ooh. shit!
- Good morning. Dr. Davis.
This is my boyfriend. Esson.
He has an appointment for STD testing.
- Exam room five all the way to the back.
- What the fuck is going on here?
- Be quiet. I will tell you everything later.
Get blood work in a urine sample.
- Okay. - And their vitals.
- What's going on? You're not gonna come back-
- I will tell you everything later.
Would you just go do your job?
- Okay. okay.
(door knocking)
Hi. I'm nurse Amina.
I'm just here to get your vitals.
- Dr. Davis isn't coming in?
I had a few questions.
- [Amina] Okay. maybe I can help you with them.
- No offense Amina. but I wanna speak to Dr. Davis.
- Yeah. so do I.
- Okay. no problem. I'll get her in one moment.
They want Dr. Davis.
- Oh. cheer up. Amina.
I pay you to do nothing.
Esson Jones.
Nice to meet you. I am Dr. Tameka Davis.
What brings you in today?
- I already told you.
- Excuse me. - He meant I told you.
He's just here for blood work and STD testing.
and I wanna be retested also.
- Okay. any pain when urinating?
Discharge from the penis? Blood in your urine or stool?
- Not that I'm aware of.
- Meaning you're not sure. or?
- They sent the files over. correct?
- Esson.
I'm sorry. Dr. Davis.
- It's fine. Krystal. you were recently here.
Have you guys been sexually active since you-
- Hell no.
- No. we haven't.
- Look. I'm excellent. Be sure though.
- Can never be too sure.
So as I'm looking over your records here.
you checked heart conditions.
Do you care to elaborate?
- Ain't no real conditions. I just wear it on my sleeve.
- So no sign of STDs. no pain.
- He came because I asked him.
Once you told me my pap was abnormal. I was worried.
- Gotcha.
Okay. so for the gentleman.
I can treat you for the common STDs.
However. my partner. Dr. Hummus.
who just so happens to be a urologist
will treat you for the following.
I will give you guys a few minutes to read that over.
If you agree. sign and date
and I will get things in motion. okay?
- Okay. Thank you. Dr. Davis.
- No problem. It's my pleasure.
If everything comes back negative.
I'm gonna give him this vagina.
- First off. it's pussy.
- Whatever.
- And yes bitch!
- Get vitals. urine sample and blood work.
Go. go. go. go! - Okay. okay!
- I can't wait till you get some dick.
- You. - Your fault.
- We're here because of you. - A OBGYN.
come on. no. - Hi!
- No! - I'm just back to get
a urine sample and some blood work.
And the bathroom is the first door on the left.
- Hey. it's Amina. right?
- Hmm-mmm. - How soon can you get
these results back?
- It typically takes about two weeks.
but Dr. Davis seems to like you.
so I'm sure she'll put a rush on it.
Why?
- I'm headed out the country in two weeks.
I just want it before I leave.
- Okay. I'll definitely make a note of that.
And could you go ahead and get on the table for me?
Bitch. he's taking us to the convention?
- You wish. Not you. just the two of us.
- Yes. bitch! Release that pussy!
- Would you be quiet? - Sorry.
- Gosh. - Everything come back
negative. I feel bad for that girl.
Ooh. like a thief and a night!
You is a bad bitch.
- Just call me Dr. Davis.
- I am so proud.
(cheerful music)
- All right y'all. now onto the next gift.
We had a gift from...
Let's do this one. do this one. do this one.
Ah. a shower of wishes. This one is from Morris.
Okay.
Candy. I wish I was out to share
this special moment with you.
You are a strong. beautiful person
who can make it through anything.
Hold it down and look up. I'll be home soon.
Kiss baby Tara for me.
Morris.
- [Women] Aww!
- He said all this... This from jail. y'all.
From jail. - Okay. Morris.
- From jail.
- Okay. - From jail y'all.
Just a minute. Take notes. take notes.
- Thanks for coming. It really means a lot.
- My pleasure.
- Here you go.
I have a question.
Would you be having this baby if my brother was still alive?
- [Candace] Probably not.
- Is it because you know it's not his?
- No.
- So your visit last week.
- What about it? - Did you tell him
it wasn't his. or did you tell him you didn't know?
- [Woman] What's going on?
- This is Terrance Davis's baby.
So can I enjoy my moment?
- Ma. I kind of believe her.
- Yeah. I'm not convinced.
Where's Jaynaye? - Who?
- You know. the little thot that you was with
the night at my brother's death.
(Eddie sighing)
(gunshots firing) - Oh shit!
Bitch ass nigga! (gunshots firing)
(tense music)
(gunshot firing)
The fuck you going?
- [Man] Oh.
- Nigga! Who sent you?
- Man. fuck- (gunshots firing)
- That's my friend and she don't live here.
- Well. when I find my mother.
I want that DNA that you offered my sister.
- Oh. I found her.
Hold on one second. mom. give me one second.
Hold on.
- I thought I told you to stay in the car.
- Yeah. So messy.
- It's Poreshanella. Don't you need her for the test?
- What's up mom? Where you at?
It's cute in here. A bit basic.
My shower was classier.
Yeah. Nice dress too.
- Yeah. - Yeah.
- Nice dress love. yeah. - Yeah.
- We're leaving. - Bye!
Enjoy your gift. love!
- Bye. - Yeah.
- Are they here yet?
- Not yet.
- Well. you mind if I get outta here?
It's getting pretty late and you know
I gotta hold it down next week.
- Yeah. you can go.
I'll be fine.
- Okay.
Well look. have fun.
Be safe and do it raw.
Ooh. if the results come back negative. you better be nasty!
- You're disgusting.
- Okay. so look.
remember what I showed you with the cucumber.
Two hands. extra spit.
Don't be scared. and it's just dick.
You don't gotta be scared.
I had two at one time before.
Chanel's gift is already in your car.
and tell her I say happy birthday.
Bye!
Love you!
(phone ringing)
- I've actually been waiting on this call all day.
Yeah. I'm gonna head there when I leave here.
Of course not. My family is so embarrassing.
I promise. I won't be long. I still have packing to do.
Okay. I will.
(phone dinging)
(uplifting music)
- Oh my Davis.
This is great.
- [Poreshanella] He does look just like his daddy!
- Hey auntie! Are you just now leaving the office?
- Yeah. sorry I'm late.
You look beautiful. - So do you.
Thank you. but so do you. as always.
but what's this look?
- Yeah. you're all smiling and shit.
What's the word. brother?
- Hey Angel. Poreshanella.
Tammy.
- What you smiling about?
- I still can't believe y'all went
to this girl's baby shower.
- Grandma. it was the mama Angel's idea.
You know how messy they can be.
- I need my luggage. bro.
I haven't worn that since last year.
Chanel. can you go get that luggage
out of my closet. please?
- Yeah. - Thank you.
- Where are you going?
- Brazil.
- Brazil? - Ooh.
- You talking about that mental illness doctor shit?
Yeah. nigga Terrance told me about that.
You going with that nigga. Drew?
That handyman nigga Drew?
- [Chanel] It's called a convention.
- What's that?
- It's where a group of doctors get together
to discuss methods for curing disease.
They have one every five years for mental health in Brazil.
Their dad took me years ago.
- Chanel baby. I gotta dip in a minute.
Go on. open your gifts.
- Yeah. open mine first.
What?
And by the way. Drew's not going.
- [Eddie] So?
- A bag!
Auntie got me a bag?
Oh my God. You're the best!
I thought it was like some perfume or something!
- You're welcome. Thanks for always keeping your grades up.
- All right. see. come on now.
Go and open this gift. it's from me and Terrance.
(upbeat music)
- A car?
Oh! You got me a car. Eddie?
- Go check it out. babe.
- [Chanel] I'm about to go test drive it!
- You don't think it was a good idea to ask me
about getting my daughter a car?
- Shut that shit up. The nigga Terrance been nought it.
He was just waiting on her birthday to give it to her.
- [Poreshanella] What did you give?
- I gave her $2.000.
- [Poreshanella] Money?
- That's the best you've ever.
- Yeah. For your ass.
- All right.
Mama Nella. I'm out. baby.
Always good to see you. - Okay sweetheart.
- Yeah.
Neka. whatever you doing. baby.
they got you glowing this way.
- Wait. - Keep it going.
- Mommy. - And you too. Baby T.
Make sure you call. you hear me?
- Question.
When were you gonna tell me about Candace
being willing to do a DNA test?
- Tammy. I don't tell you anything that doesn't concern you.
- Well. you need mama to get it done. so it does concern me.
- I can look at the child and tell if she ours or not.
- We need the DNA test done before she has the baby.
and before she disappears again.
- Girl. fuck you.
- Did you not just hear me say I'm going to Brazil?
I'll take care of it when I get back.
- And who taking you to Brazil?
- I have a 27-hour flight. Please grab that luggage.
- All I know is if this baby is Terrance's.
I don't want my kid anywhere near her.
- Angel. please shut up.
- Tammy. have you been flying spirit with my luggage?
This is a 5.000 suitcase.
- Tameka. it's just a suitcase.
- So what? It's mine!
- Oh. well get another one.
You just bought Nel a $5.000 bag.
You got it Dr. Davis.
- Man. Ma. you sure know how to kill a moment.
- Chanel. I love you. Enjoy your birthday.
I'll text you when I get back.
- All right. yeah. Safe travels!
- My mama is so jealous of my auntie Tameka.
it's sick. - Child!
They are jealous of each other.
I blame your granddaddy for your mama.
but Tameka and Terrance?
That's my fault. (somber music)
- What are you talking about? How is it your fault?
First you said it was being born that way.
now you spin it on yourself.
- She was. I messed your auntie up.
Oh. messed her up.
He's the reason why I get her.
The reason all my kids hate me.
(upbeat music)
- [Jayda] Guys. it's. "Make it Make Sense Monday."
with Jayda. and I know that it's been a minute.
This is like the first. "Make it Make Sense Monday."
of the year.
♪ I've been gone for a minute
♪ Now back with the jump off
- What?
- Nothing.
You clean up well.
I'ma get ready.
♪ Never knew a love like this
♪ Never knew a love like this ♪ Uh huh. oh yeah ♪
♪ Never knew a love
My first time out of the country was with my father in 1996.
We went to Greece.
- Oh. somebody's a daddy girl. huh?
- Till the day he died. my daddy was my world.
- Look I can tell most women with great fathers.
they're just better women. period.
♪ Never knew a love like this
- Okay. so is this like your own personal theory. babe?
Or did studies show this? - No. no. no.
Look. I'm just very observant. all right?
And it's a fact. I mean. great example. right?
♪ Running back to you
Look. if you don't mind me asking.
what happened to your dad?
♪ You got me running. oh
♪ You get
- I kind of mind. babe. Sorry.
♪ Running back to you
- It's no biggie.
Just trying to get to know you better.
- I'm not really an emotional person.
but when it comes to my losses.
I just don't like talking about it.
- Hey. It's okay.
But I'm gonna need you to answer one question.
- What's that?
- How you gonna be a psychiatrist.
a gynecologist. a wife all the same time?
♪ On her hands
♪ Just get right
♪ Put your hands together. like big vibe ♪
♪ Loving this vibe. it just feels right ♪
♪ Rocking with a young one from the East Side ♪
♪ Teach you about these bands. teach you how to move ♪
♪ If you get with me. you can never ♪
- I know this address.
Not the nurse.
Fuck!
- [Amina] Andrew?
- Hey Amina.
- What you doing here?
Dr. Davis is actually- - I know. at the convention.
But I came by to talk to you.
Did she discuss our last disagreement?
- Which one?
- One about her going back to school for psychology.
- Yeah. but it ain't about the money with her.
She was born into money. So why are you so against it?
- Amina. you're the closest person to her besides me.
Her personality. her history.
Look. do you honestly think that she can help someone else
before she helps her own mental illness?
- I really hope that ain't what you said to her.
- Yeah. Of course not.
Just mentioned her father.
- You did what?
- Look. - Oh.
- Okay. I know.
It didn't mean to come out like that.
Tameka makes three to $400.000
off this office. and alone.
Like you said. she was born into the money.
She's too good to be a psychologist.
- But that's only to you.
That's only from your point of view.
See. this why you need to watch
"Make it Make Sense Mondays." with Jayda Jones.
- Yeah. I guess so.
Talk to you later.
- And there is a cure for mental illness.
created and discovered by me. Dr. Tameka Davis.
- Dr. Tameka Davis.
- How does it sound? - So powerful.
Question is. how you feeling?
- Brilliant. How do I look?
- Babe.
Gorgeous.
- Thank you. You remind me so much of my dad.
- Stop. - Crazy.
- How is that?
- I just feel so secure. safe when I'm with you.
I gotta get to this convention.
- You got this.
- [Tameka] I got this.
- I am giving my 20% to Tameka Davis.
and I'm way over my head.
- What? Why would you do that. man?
- I am the first black surgeon
to create his own brain procedure that restores vision.
I'm now responsible for teaching this procedure
to several residents.
That is 90% of my life.
- So you don't have the time?
- And so. you know if you do that. you off the board.
and I go with the 20%. right?
(door knocking)
- Sorry to interrupt. There's a Tammy Davis here to see you.
She says it's urgent.
- Ladies and gentlemen. that'll be all.
Please send her in.
- 20%. huh?
That's a lot for a woman who's in another country
and with another man.
- What?
- You look nice.
- Tammy. what do you want?
Okay. I have a surgery 45 minutes.
so I need to get back to the hospital.
- Antonio Hilton.
- Okay. what about him?
- You removed a bullet two inches from his brain.
- Okay. and?
- I need the bullet.
- Are you crazy? No!
- I need it to solve my brother's case.
- Tammy. Terrance was sliced from ear to ear.
- I know. I know. But look. Terrance shot him. Drew.
Eddie left the scene to go throw away a gun.
he said supposedly had bodies on it.
I need to make sure that bullet
matches my brother's gun.
- Tommy. stop.
Hey.
Does Tameka know about this?
- Drew. you remember when we were kids?
You brought Tameka that bike.
My dad made her give it back.
And then for my birthday.
you got me a friends forever necklace.
He never said a thing. so I never took it off.
- You know what?
I'm starting to really believe that this whole family
has some mental illness.
Tammy. That was elementary?
Listen.
Tameka says it's okay. I'll get you the bullet.
- Did she ask you for permission
to go to another country with another man?
She didn't. okay?
So while you standing here fighting temptation.
your dick feel like it's about to bust through these straps.
- Hey.
- Meanwhile.
she's fucking someone else in Brazil.
- Tammy. stop! Okay?
I need you to leave. Now.
- Okay.
- Yeah. okay.
- Babe.
What is all of this?
- Hey. bro.
I'm gonna get into all that later.
How was the convention?
- It was amazing!
I mean. it was so many doctors from all over the world.
coming up with methods to discover and cure mental illness.
I wish you were there.
I mean. I appreciate that you stayed behind.
but you know if it wasn't for you.
I probably wouldn't be here?
- Look. I know all this is sudden.
I love you.
The moment I seen that smile. I said. you know what?
I gotta do that forever.
Brilliant.
Beautiful.
Boujee. Definitely corny.
I pray for God for you.
I wasn't too specific. but-
- Uh!
Never really believed in God or the whole praying thing
due to my upbringing and things I experienced.
But since you've came into my life.
I have opened my eyes to the impossible.
You make things happen for me. like all of this.
- Man.
Listen.
I made this happen for you.
I'm not a doctor.
I'm definitely not rich. but I got you.
(upbeat music)
(door squeaking)
♪ Girl. you so fine. fine. fine ♪
♪ Yeah. you so fine. fine. fine ♪
♪ What I gotta do to make you mine ♪
♪ I'm not here to waste your time ♪
♪ Oh babe
♪ Girl. you so damn divine
♪ Divine
♪ Beautiful black queen
♪ Model type. Jet magazine
♪ God laid his hands on you ♪ God laid his hands on you
♪ Separated from a few
♪ Girl. he did his thing with your body ♪
♪ I'm loving your tribal dotting ♪
♪ And it bendy too
♪ They don't have nothing on you ♪
♪ Girl. I love the way
♪ Girl. I love the way you walk ♪
♪ And you carry yourself
♪ Chanel on the purse. baby
♪ Knowing your worth
♪ And you know your worth
♪ And you know your worth ♪ You were giving the curse
♪ Girl. you so fine. fine. fine ♪
♪ What I gotta do to make you mine ♪
♪ I'm not here to waste your time. baby ♪
♪ Girl. you're so damn divine
♪ Damn divine
♪ Caring friend of me is where she wanna be ♪ Hey ♪
♪ My Mona Lisa. Jeez. you're a masterpiece ♪
- Retest in three days?
♪ For college. go to Tennessee
♪ Little mama. bad shit
- Oh. she's about to go fuck him for real
♪ The way that that's shaped remind me of Georgia peach ♪
♪ Just compliment your beauty. not trying to conceive ♪
♪ You're so rare
♪ Rare. you're so unique ♪ Unique. body be calling me ♪
♪ Got me feeling like your disease ♪
♪ Squeeze soft skin. call it butter love ♪
♪ Candy girl. that's my buttercup ♪
♪ Yes. I'm just studying on her ex ♪
♪ She now leveled up
♪ See. it's on to the next. we just run it up ♪
♪ Big bags. we talking big bags ♪
♪ The way we love. I'll take you down like it's quicksand ♪
♪ So special. just want you to know ♪
♪ In other words. I just thought you should know ♪
♪ Girl. you so fine. fine. fine ♪
♪ What I gotta do to make you mine ♪
- Hey. it's Drew.
Can you check the private pharmacy for scripts?
Look. just do it goddammit. okay?
And don't call me until you get something back.
(tense music)
Hey Tammy.
Yeah. it's Drew.
I got the bullet.
Yeah. but I'm gonna need something in return.
(tense music)
- Damn Tammy! You scared the shit out of me!
- Hi. - What you doing in here?
How you even get up in here?
- The private pharmacy and labs
are close until she gets back.
so I needed results for a case.
She wasn't answering.
- Your brother's case? The Candace girl.
- Right.
- Okay. well you better have the paperwork to prove it
when she get back. 'cause when she find out
she gonna either sue you or kill you.
We're all born to die. Amina.
Now if you'll excuse me.
I would like to solve this case before I do.
(tense music)
- And what you've done. before you come apologize.
make sure you get rid of that motherfucker.
- Walt. You're actually right on time.
I need you to do me a favor.
I need you to see if this bullet matches this gun.
- What?
You know that's damn near impossible. right?
It's possible. Walt. and I know you can get it done.
So here's the bullet.
Please. can you get it matched?
- How the hell did you even get this? Whose gun is this?
- Walt. please? Okay?
Why you always gotta ask me so many questions.
Can you please get it done?
I need it done today. now. immediately.
Please.
It's always a fight with this guy.
- It was amazing. Amina. I didn't even wanna come home.
I know. right. I think I love him.
Wait. what?
When?
It's gone. Anima. check the fridge and make sure
nothing is missing. please.
Fuck. Okay. I'll be there in a minute.
Shit. Drew.
You're scaring me.
- How was the convention?
- It was okay.
I mean did my speech. it was
pretty cool.
- Did Esson enjoy as well?
- Drew. - Don't Drew.
Did you have sex with him?
Did you fuck him or not?
Really Tameka?
(somber music)
Everything that I do is for you.
Nothing that I have done stands for us.
Not only are you selfish.
but you're mentally ill.
10th grade!
I got in a fight with one of my teammates
because I thought he liked you.
I thought he liked you.
so the whole team attacked me and Tammy.
and I fought him off.
Every successful thing that you have done has my name on it.
Me! I invested my entire life!
My time. and not to mention the money.
You make it. I have it.
I have it.
So what I don't understand is why would you go
all the way to Brazil with a stranger
that you don't even know and give him your virginity.
Your virginity.
Something has to be mentally wrong with you.
Speechless. right?
Go ahead. Tameka.
Be a psychologist. huh?
Make it make sense.
(phone vibrating)
This is Drew.
Look. I'm in the middle of something right now. okay?
Listen. I said...
What?
Send it to me now.
Please tell me you wore protection.
Tameka. Please tell me your protect yourself.
He's HIV positive. Tameka!
Please tell me you wore protection.
So what? You test her and not him. huh?
I tested them both! - Tested them both?
What?
Because she was in a clear. what. he thought he wasn't?
You waited 32 years to catch HIV?
You could have ruined life. You could ruined my life.
- You and me would have ruined your life. Drew!
- What you talking about?
- My life is already ruined.
- What?
- I didn't wait 32 years to possibly catch HIV.
I was born with it!
- What are you talking about?
- Tameka and Terrance. It's my fault.
- Drew. you're perfect.
I mean. what woman wouldn't want you?
You're successful and charming. and honest and loyal.
And I love you enough to never do to you
what my mother did to me.
I was born this way. remember?
She's the reason I have a mental illness.
and that's why I hate her.
Tammy was born in the clear and she still chooses
to walk around and fuck anything that breathes air.
Yet. she's still walking around mad and bitter
that my father showed me a little bit more attention.
It was the guilt!
It was the guilt of them bringing me
into this world infected.
because of the lifestyle that they chose.
So it's not jealousy with Tammy.
I just don't fucking like her.
She was born in the clear and she still wanted more.
This entire family from my mother to Tammy is mentally ill.
and that's why I live the way I live
and make the decisions that I make
and choose the people that I choose.
Every decision that I make to me is wise.
because I never had a choice.
Drew. you are my person.
You will always be my person.
God.
But Esson is my soulmate.
- What?
- And you deserve. you deserve happiness.
- Happiness?
Wow.
(phone ringing)
- [Walt] Everything's a match.
The bullet is from this gun.
but what does this have to do with the case?
Terrance was cut from ear to ear.
- Okay.
Walt. bring me the gun and the bullet.
I gotta go. okay? Can you please bring it to me?
Thank you.
(phone vibrating)
- Uh-uh. what's your fake ass want?
- You didn't wear it. did you.
- Bitch. are you slow?
I would never. okay?
And it's probably not even real.
- Okay. perfect.
I need you to bring it to me.
I'll pay you 1K if you can get here in the next 10 minutes.
- Girl. I got here as fast as I could. here.
- Thank you. - Uh-huh.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Thank you so much. - Yeah.
- Now. what the fuck is so urgent?
- Angel. go.
No. No questions asked. remember?
Thank you.
Come here.
- Now. who the fuck is that?
- I don't know. but I know she killed my brother.
- You want an explanation?
- Of course.
Might make me feel better after I kill her.
(tense music)
That's her address.
I gotta go change cars. but meet me over there around 8:00.
- Yeah. all right. I gotta change my car too.
So we on it.
(tense music)
Yeah.
Listen Tammy. go ahead. But if you ain't out in 10 minutes.
I'm coming in that mother fucker.
All right.
(frightening music)
(Eddie coughing)
(tense music)
- Jaynaye. I'm telling you. he's cheating on me.
At first I thought it was the nurse.
but no. it's the doctor.
(indistinct)
- Dr. Davis?
I wouldn't have never thought she'd date a hood nigga.
But look. you gotta calm down.
I'm on my way. as soon as I leave this store.
B. I gotta go. My girl have a nigga problem.
I'm out. - Okay.
Ain't she always?
- Yeah. I think I'ma head out too.
The baby's kicking like crazy and it's time to go to bed.
- Okay. - Okay.
- I understand. - I know.
- See you baby! - I gotta go. I gotta go.
Okay? - Bye baby!
- Yeah! Put that down.
- It's cute.
- You know who I am so you know why I'm here.
- Tammy Davis.
I don't know why you in my house.
but you better shoot me. 'cause if you don't.
I'm gonna kill your sisters and you
the same way I killed Terrance.
With my bare hands.
- Okay.
(women grunting)
Why did you kill my brother?
But no one take your life.
- Bitch. your brother tried to kill me when he gave me HIV.
I didn't wanna be his wife. that was Candace.
He even fucked with me just to ruin my life.
So now I'm killing everybody!
(indistinct)
- She killed him! She just said she killed him!
I followed her here.
- Don't move.
- Just kill me.
I have HIV. A baby with no father!
Just kill me!
- I don't know what-
- Freeze. police! - I just got here.
- Did you do this?
Go outside. wait please. Go!
- Okay. - No. no!
My baby! No!
No. my baby!
- Look at me. look at me. look at me.
Look at me. look at me. look at me. look at me.
Okay. I need you to go take the car inside of the house.
Take this knife. Take it.
Look. Look at me.
Take the knife. go where Terrance take you. okay?
Okay? - Go! Go!
(tense music)
- [Officer] What do we got. Walt?
- Another ear to ear.
No signs of forced entry or rape.
This young lady found her.
- And you were responding to the dead body
on Dexter. correct? - Yes. and ran into this.
- No bodies. no car.
No weapon. I got nothing.
- Hmm.
So the body was like this when you found it?
- Yes.
Her. Candace and some other lady.
- Are you telling us that there was two other women here
before I arrived?
- Yes!
You was just here. I was just here.
We all was just here.
Somebody killed my best friend. it had to be Candace.
'cause she followed me here.
- Right. Jaynaye Foster. That is you. correct?
- [Jaynaye] Yes. that's me!
- You called 9-1-1.
saying that there was a dead body found
on the side of the house.
And we arrived and we found the body.
and now you're here in front of your friend
with no murder weapon.
And you're saying that the killer was here and left.
is that correct?
- Yes!
- Oh. right. right. okay. so you set this up.
Is that what you're saying?
- I didn't set shit...
No. I didn't! - Look. look. look. look.
Let me get this right Ms. Foster.
So there's no car outside.
- [Jaynaye] Oh my God. I can't believe this.
- Candace disappeared. The body disappeared.
and so did the murder weapon. correct?
- Yes. That's exactly what I'm saying.
- Wow.
- Hey babe. what's up?
Of course not. never too busy for you.
Babe. what's wrong?
Okay. I'm here.
Yeah. I'll be here.
- What's wrong?
- One of my patients.
- What happened?
- She's dead.
- The police found her slit ear to ear.
- That's crazy.
That's how my uncle.
- Police are holding her friend Jaynaye now for questioning.
She was on the scene.
They're not letting me talk to her.
so I sent the lawyer down.
Supposed to be calling me any minute.
So what is it you want to talk to me about?
- Well. it can wait. babe.
Let's just focus on you right now. okay?
(phone vibrating)
- Speaking of which. here we go.
Hello?
Yeah. I can talk.
Tammy? Nah. I don't know a Tammy.
Frame her?
- I'll be down. don't trip.
All right. look man.
Nah.
I want you by my side.
but it's just gonna be more drama right now.
You feeling me?
- I understand. - All right.
I'll be back a little later.
- Okay. I'll be here.
I love you.
This fucking bitch!
She's so fucking stupid. Why would she do that?
Oh my God!
Go and get her. I'm gonna go get her.
(door slamming)
(tense music)
- Shit.
- Crazy? Bitch. I'll show you crazy!
You stole blood work from my office and gave it to Drew?
And then you killed my fucking patient!
- She killed Terrance.
- What? - She killed Terrance!
- So you killed her?
- [Tammy] I ain't kill her! Candace did!
- [Chanel] Stop!
- You should have told him the truth. Tameka.
Just like Terrance should have told Krystal the truth.
- Tammy. who the hell do you think you are
to tell my truth?
Your entire life is lies!
Stop it! Both of you!
You all are living a lie!
You know. if you wanna blame somebody for it. then fine.
point the finger at me!
Tameka. I'm sorry.
Okay. you may never forgive me. but I am truly sorry.
Yes. I could have never had children. okay?
But you were your father's dream child.
and the doctors told me you would fine.
- [Tammy] Dream child.
- And you are fine!
Tameka. look at you. baby. You're great!
You don't need me to tell you that.
Tammy.
My only healthy seven pound baby girl.
You were always so smart and absolutely beautiful.
We gave you everything.
and it still was never enough. baby.
You have struggled with needing attention all of your life.
Even when you were a little girl.
Mike Davis probably wasn't even my daddy.
He used to look at me like he wanted to fuck me.
- Tammy! Stop lying like that!
- Hey! Can we all just be honest for once?
That man is probably rolling over in his grave.
thinking about you lying like that.
- Mom.
You killed Esson's girlfriend?
Mom?
- Baby. she killed Terrance. She told me herself!
And you and I was next. so thank me. bitch.
'cause she was gonna kill you too.
Apparently. Terrance gave her HIV.
and she gave it to her boyfriend.
which I'm assuming is Tameka's boyfriend.
(door knocking)
- Hey babe. - Hey.
What's going on?
- [Tameka] How are you?
- I'm good. how are you?
- Good! We need to talk.
- [Esson] Talk about what? I don't wanna talk.
- Babe.
We really need to talk.
- Talk. talk. Let's talk.
(tense music)
Talk babe. what's up?
- We...
We're HIV positive.
But wait. just hear me out.
because you had it before you slept with me.
I didn't give it to you. Krystal did.
and my brother gave it to her. so she killed him.
I had no idea that she was dating my brother.
but I.
I did know when I tested you both
that you both were positive.
But I was born with it.
And then in Brazil when you said
that you prayed for me.
I thought this was it.
Today I discovered that my sister went to kill Krystal.
but she couldn't.
so Candace did.
And I'm telling you all this.
'cause we been honest since day one.
And I was gonna tell you everything. I just didn't know how.
E. please say something.
- Who the fuck is Candace?
- [Tameka] Another one of my patients
that my brother was sleeping with.
- She killed Keystal.
because your sister couldn't.
- That's what my sister said. and I believe her.
I swear. I was gonna tell you about this.
I just didn't know how!
- Let me get this straight.
You even had me take your monkey ass to Brazil. huh?
Knowing you had this shit. huh?
- I swear to God. I never intentionally meant to hurt you.
She was gonna kill the both of us.
She found out. and I swear to God.
I would never intentionally hurt you.
I was gonna tell you everything.
I just didn't know.
No!
(gunshot firing)
♪ Come closer
♪ Come. come closer
♪ Ah
♪ Come closer
♪ We are dating
♪ Ah
♪ Come. come closer
♪ Come. come
♪ Oh
♪ Come. come closer